In python, define a function named all_equal that takes a list and checks whether all elements in the list are the same. For example, calling all_equal([1, 1, 1]) should return True.@

In python, for a given linked list of N nodes, check if it has a loop (the linked list can contain self-loop).@

In python, For a given string S, write a function to check if it is a palindrome. Taking a single string as its parameter, your function should return True if the given string is a palindrome, else return False (A string is said to be a palindrome if it is the same when read backward).@

Write a function named capital_indexes. The function takes a single parameter, which is a string. Your function should return a list of all the indexes in the string that have capital letters
For example, calling capital_indexes("HeLlO") should return the list [0, 2, 4]@

A string is a palindrome when it is the same when read backwards.
For example, the string "bob" is a palindrome. So is "abba". But the string "abcd" is not a palindrome, because "abcd" != "dcba".
Write a function named palindrome that takes a single string as its parameter. Your function should return True if the string is a palindrome, and False otherwise@

Write a function named format_number that takes a non-negative number as its only parameter.
Your function should convert the number to a string and add commas as a thousands separator.
For example, calling format_number(1000000) should return "1,000,000"@

write me a really complicated python script over 100 lines long@

In python, Write a function in Python to check duplicate letters. It must accept a string, i.e., a sentence. The function should return True if the sentence has any word with duplicate letters, else return False.@

In python, Write a code in Python to create a Morse code translator. You can take a string with alphanumeric characters in lower or upper case. The string can also have any special characters as a part of the Morse code. Special characters can include commas, colons, apostrophes, exclamation marks, periods, and question marks. The code should return the Morse code that is equivalent to the string.@

In python, Write a function to detect 13th Friday. The function can accept two parameters, and both will be numbers. The first parameter will be the number indicating the month, and the second will be the year in four digits. Your function should parse the parameters, and it must return True when the month contains a Friday with the 13th, else return False.@

In python, Write a function to find the domain name from the IP address. The function will accept an IP address, make a DNS request, and return the domain name that maps to that IP address while using records of PTR DNS. You can import the Python socket library.@

In python, Write a function in Python to parse a string such that it accepts a parameter- an encoded string. This encoded string will contain a first name, last name, and an id. You can separate the values in the string by any number of zeros. The id will not contain any zeros. The function should return a Python dictionary with the first name, last name, and id values. For example, if the input would be "John000Doe000123". Then the function should return: { "first_name": "John", "last_name": "Doe", "id": "123" }@

In python, Write a function in Python to convert a decimal to a hex. It must accept a string of ASCII characters as input. The function should return the value of each character as a hexadecimal string. You have to separate each byte by a space and return all alpha hexadecimal characters as lowercase.@

Write a code in Python to find out whether a given string S is a valid regex or not.@








